Add enabled content experiences conceptual doc (#17288)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/connecting-external-content-manage-connections.md

Before an application can add items to the search index, it must create and configure a connection:

1. [Create a connection](/graph/api/externalconnectors-external-post-connections) with a unique ID, display name, and description.
1. [Register a schema](/graph/api/externalconnectors-externalconnection-post-schema) to define the fields that will be included in the index.
   - For information about updating the schema for an existing connection, see [Schema update capabilities](/graph/connecting-external-content-manage-schema#schema-update-capabilities).

## Enable content experiences
A Graph connector can be enabled to participate in other Microsoft 365 experiences beyond Microsoft Search.

This can be done by specifying one or more content experiences (search, compliance, etc.) which your connection will participate in.

> The content experiences listed in the following table are currently supported. When calling the Graph API, reference this [flag enum description](/graph/api/enums-externalconnectors).

Author: This link is supposed to reference this doc: https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/blob/main/api-reference/beta/resources/enums-externalconnectors.md

Can you advise on how to make a relative link to this file?

| Content Experience Type Enum | Description |
|-|-|
| search | Enabling search allows your content to show up in Microsoft search results. These results are consistently formatted across different search canvases, like SharePoint and Microsoft Bing. |

> | compliance | Enabling compliance allows your content to be visible to Microsoft Purview advanced eDiscovery solution. Refer to [Microsoft Purview solutions](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/ediscovery) to learn more about advanced eDiscovery solution & licensing requirements.|

Author: This link corresponds to this github file: https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs/blob/public/microsoft-365/compliance/ediscovery.md. Is there a way to make a relative link for it?

Before an application can add items to the search index, it must create and configure a connection:

1. [Create a connection](/graph/api/externalconnectors-external-post-connections) with a unique ID, display name, and description.
1. [Register a schema](/graph/api/externalconnectors-externalconnection-post-schema) to define the fields that will be included in the index.
   - For information about updating the schema for an existing connection, see [Schema update capabilities](/graph/connecting-external-content-manage-schema#schema-update-capabilities).

## Enable content experiences
A Graph connector can be enabled to participate in other Microsoft 365 experiences beyond Microsoft Search.

> This can be done by specifying one or more content experiences (search, compliance, etc.) which your connection will participate in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done by specifying one or more content experiences (search, compliance, etc.) in which your connection will participate.
```

The content experiences listed in the following table are currently supported. When calling the Graph API, reference this [flag enum description](/graph/api/resources/enums-externalconnectors).

| Content Experience Type Enum | Description |
|-|-|

> | search | Enabling search allows your content to show up in Microsoft search results. These results are consistently formatted across different search canvases, like SharePoint and Microsoft Bing. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| search | Enabling search allows your content to appear in Microsoft search results. The format of these results is consistent across different search canvases, like SharePoint and Microsoft Bing. |
```

> | compliance | Enabling compliance allows your content to be visible to Microsoft Purview advanced eDiscovery solution. Refer to [Microsoft Purview solutions](/microsoft-365/compliance/ediscovery) to learn more about advanced eDiscovery solution & licensing requirements.|

Reviewer 2: Please update the diagram in the overview topic to remove "Coming soon" from under the compliance box, given that it is now available.

Author: Done! Thanks for pointing this out.

> If you already know which content experiences you want your connection to partipate in, set the `enabledContentExperiences` flag enum at the time of connection creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already know which content experiences you want your connection to participate in, set the `enabledContentExperiences` flag enum at the time of connection creation.
```

Otherwise, you can make changes to the enabled content experiences as shown in the following example.
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/external/connections/contosohelpdesk
Content-Type: application/json

{
	"enabledContentExperiences": "search, compliance"
}
```

## Connection settings
You can supply the default settings for each of the enabled content experiences using connection settings. These settings would affect content experiences as long as they are enabled.

### Search settings

> You can define how search results are displayed in the Microsoft Search results page by supplying the default result types for your content. A search result type is a rule that causes distinct kinds of search results to be displayed in different ways. It has one or more conditions and a result layout built using Adaptive Cards. The result layout would be used to render the search results when the associated conditions are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define how to display search results on the Microsoft Search results page by supplying the default result types of your content. A search result type is a rule that causes distinct kinds of search results to be displayed in differently. It has one or more conditions and a result layout built using Adaptive Cards. The resulting layout renders the search result when the associated conditions are met.
```

Author: I reworked this section to better explain the search settings part. I tried to match the more active voice style that you were using, but please take a second look!

### Compliance settings

> Similar to enterprise search settings, you need to define how advanced eDiscovery search results should be displayed by supplying result types for your content. This will enable the eDiscovery manager to visualize the content when reviewing the datasets. Here’s an example of eDiscovery search review result pertaining to an Azure DevOps item in eDiscovery:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to enterprise search settings, you need to define how to display advanced eDiscovery search results by supplying result types for your content. This enables the eDiscovery manager to visualize the content when reviewing the datasets. Here's an example of an eDiscovery search review result of an Azure DevOps item in eDiscovery:
```

![eDiscovery search review result example for AzureDevOps item.](./images/connectors-images/connecting-external-content-connection-settings-eDiscovery-result-example.png)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The Adaptive Card format is used for rendering results in eDiscovery. Unlike for the search experience, the eDiscovery experience only supports Adaptive Card elements up to version 1.2. Read further to learn about other restrictions for eDiscovery result templates.

> Please ensure you select the 1.2 as the target version when configuring the eDiscovery result template in the [Adaptive Card Designer](https://adaptivecards.io/designer/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure you select 1.2 as the target version when configuring the eDiscovery result template in the [Adaptive Card Designer](https://adaptivecards.io/designer/).
```

![AdaptiveCard Designer target version selector.](./images/connectors-images/connecting-external-content-connection-settings-adaptiveCard-target-version.png)

Please note that eDiscovery result templates have the following Adaptive Cards restrictions:
1. Markdown is **not** supported. 
1. Data binding expressions with `${}` are not supported. For example, `"text": "Hello {name}"` is supported, but `"text": "Hello ${name}"` is not.

> 1. Only data binding expressions for single-valued properties is supported. For example, `"text": "Hello {name}"` is supported, but `"text": "Hello {employee.Name}"` is not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Only data binding expressions for single-valued properties are supported. For example, `"text": "Hello {name}"` is supported, but `"text": "Hello {employee.Name}"` is not.
```
